
&2HOW TO PLAY : GLIDE MINI GAME

All information came from the actual console! All texts have 
been slightly edited. It's not recommended to follow 
everything from here.

Coordinates back to the lobby is: -342 57 -341

Glide is a fast paced Elytra Mini Game. There are 2 variants:
&2Score Attack:
Fly through score rings to gain points. The player with the
most points is the winner, but you have to reach the end for
your score to count!
&2Time Attack:
Speed is of the essence! The player who reaches the end in
the fastest line is the winner.

&9Lobby
At the start of the game, the players are placed in a lobby
area while other players are joining the game. Once there are
a minimum number of players in the lobby, a countdown timer
will start; although if all players declare
themselves ready, the game will start immediately.

&9Gameplay - General
Glide is all about flying without power; you can gain speed by
diving, but you'll stall if you climb to steeply.
In Glide, you will find Thermals and Speed Boosts. There are
2 types of each:

&9Thermals
Fixed (White): These lift you up to a set height.
&bNatural (Blue): These lift you up based on your speeed and
angle; the longer you stay in a Natural Thermal, the more
height you will gain.

&9Speed Boosts
&eDirectional (Yellow): These boost you in the direction 
the arrows point.
&6Omni (Orange): These boost you in the direction that you
are facing on entering.

&9Gameplay - Score Attack
In Score Attack, the goal is to score as many points as 
possible by flying through rings. You still have to reach
the end for your score to count.

&2Green&f Rings = 3 Points.
&eYellow&f Rings = 5 Points.
&bBlue&f Rings = 7 Points.

The player who crosses the finish line with the most
points wins. In case of a tie, the tied player with
the fastest time wins.

&9Gameplay - Time Attack
In Time Attack, the goal is simply to reach the end as
quickly as possible. The player with the single fastest
time in any of the three rounds us declared the winner!

&9Hurry Up!
After any player finishes the course, a timer will start.
The timer will be shortened every time another player
reaches the end, so hurry up!

&9Solo
Glide can also be played Solo in either variant for
practice; you can even restart the race by pressing the
B Button, or go back to the last checkpoint by pressing
the X Button.

&9Checkpoints
When a player dies, they will respawn at the last checkpoint
that they reached. Checkpoints are marked by beacons - passing
through a checkpoint will also flash "Checkpoint!" on screen,
and play a sound. There is no limit to the number of times
you can respawn, but the clock keeps running!

&9Game Stats
At the end of a game, there will be a scoreboard showing the
statistics for that game.
Players will be awarded medals for their achievements
(or lack of achievements) in the game.