Quartz's Console by Quartzmaven
Use a hoe to prepare areas of ground for planting.
You can change your game spawn point and skip to dawn by sleeping in a bed.
Notch has over a million followers on Twitter!
Building a portal will allow you to travel to another dimension - The Nether.
Eating cooked pork chops gives more health than eating raw pork chops.
Do not look directly at the bugs.
Who is Notch?
We think 4J Studios has removed Herobrine from the console game, but we're not too sure.
Spiders won't attack you during the day - unless you attack them.
Digging straight down or straight up is not a great idea.
Minecraft: Console Edition broke lots of records!
Digging soil or sand with a spade is faster than with your hand!
Plant some saplings and they'll grow into trees.
Skin Packs in the "skinpacks" folder!
Get to destinations faster with a minecart and rail!
Some famous people play Minecraft!
Were you at Minecon?
Harvest pork chops from pigs, and cook and eat them to regain health.
Creepers were born from a coding bug.
Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest.
Is it a chicken or is it a duck?
Harvest leather from cows, and use it to make armor.
deadmau5 likes Minecraft!
There will be an update to this modpack eventually!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Mojang has more awards than staff!
Minecon 2012 was in Paris, France!
Mojang's new office is cool!
Minecon 2011 was in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA!
Stackable fences are in the game now!
minecraftforum has a section dedicated to the Console Edition.
Always assume rumors are false, rather than assuming they're true!
Some animals will follow you if you have wheat in your hand.
Minecon 2015 was in London, UK!
Minecon 2016 was in Anaheim, California, USA!
Music by C418!
Read the What's New section in the How To Play menus to see the latest update information about the game.
Zombies and Skeletons can survive daylight if they are in water.
.party() was excellent!
Lava can take minutes to disappear COMPLETELY when the source block is removed.
Wolves won't attack Creepers.
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder.
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Project by Quartzmaven!
Original gamma shading belongs to N00B!
Extra tooltips by LaffyTaffy!
You may want to check out New Lectutoria in Planet Minecraft! Coming soon!
We'll add more tips eventually!
Legacy Console is underrated!
L + ratio + Legacy Console better
You'll get a previous info on this game from 4JStudios on twitter!
Battle Mini Games are available on the server list!
Custom Menu powered by FancyMenu!
This loading bar is completely just an animation...
Faster Minecarts is currently experimental.
Join the Legacy Edition Discord Server! You can find it on Disboard.
The Minecraft Architect is a Minecraft YouTuber for preserving Minecraft Legacy Edition content.
Hello, this is Stampy, and welcome to a Minecraft let's play video!
Faster Minecarts!
aeiou aeiou aeiou aeiou aeiou aeiou JOHN MADDEN
MINECRAFT HAS A TUTORIAL WORLD!??
Ayo pizza bruh
You may want to check out MonFloMat's modpack, Legacy Console Experience!
You may want to check out N00B's modpack, Console-idated!
All new blocks have customized textures. Created by shmoobalizer!
This is the longest text you won't read in the existance ever. This is a story of man named Stanley. Stanley worked for a company in a big building where he was Employee Number 427. Employee Number 427's job was simple. He sat at his desk in Room 427, and he pushed buttons on a keyboard.
TEXT JUMPSCARE
We all know C418 > Lena Raine’s music tracks.
If there's any controversial tips here, it's mostly requested by friends.
"I guess there's only one thing I can do to regain your love. XBO-" - Peter Griffin
Yo Mama So Stupid! She bought tickets, to XBOX LIVE!
CUS BABY TONIGHT, THE CREEPERS TRYNA STEAL OUR STUFF AGAIN!
Someone is working on recreating a map from the City Texture Pack video.
Send me any problems and issues on my own modpack via Discord: Quartzmaven#1424
The original console GUI is created by Julie "Danger" Kennedy from 4JStudios! 
If you want a Bedrock version, check out "Project 4JD" by CrisXolt!
There are {"placeholder":"loadedmods"} active mods!
Your name is, {"placeholder":"playername"}, isn't it?
You're on windowed and suffered with GUI glitches? Please, press F11!
Fabric modpack! Coming soon for Forge. No ETA.
Quartz's Console now has it's own official website!
Minecraft Store is now open! Download extra content all for FREE!
All of your requested features will be on my wiki page.
Installation for the original Minecraft launcher is available on my wiki page!
Modpack will recieve updates on our Discord server.
Development now done on Linux, tested on SteamOS, may not work well on Windows.
Super Mario has it's own Mashup Pack available on the Nintendo Wii U, New 3DS & Switch!
You may want to check out Lin Fox's modpack, Consolinia! On PlanetMinecraft!
This loading tips are done by creating a multi-splash text element.
Minecraft on DKOldies be like: Wow! It has Disc 11 inside the cover, amazing!
According to Legacy Edition Research Discord, Xbox 360 Edition was written in C++, not C#.
You may want to check out TechSupportRed's modpack, Legacy Console Nostalgia!
Thanks for downloading, Quartz's Console!
Introducing Glide Mini Game Level Editor, where you can make your own Glide levels.
Go to Quartz's Console Wiki for more information!
AAAAWUBADUGH
Available on Xbox, Playstation, and Nintendo!
4JSTUDIOS 4 THE WIN
Host options are available. Press the "J" key. You need cheats in your world enabled.
Make sure the resolution sets to 1080p!
You can now do sword blocking! Just right-click to enable defense.
This modpack has built-in gamma shading which you cannot set it unfortunately.
You ask why I made this? I don't know!
Player reporting sucks!
Check out BetaCraft! It provides easy access to old Minecraft versions!
Check out Omniarchive! They preserve all official Minecraft content!
This is the 100th tip! Look inside tips.txt in FancyMenu folder.
Developed by Moj......M....Mojank?
4J Studios is planning on a new secret game!?
Really, 4J Studios made a first Xbox game about horse racing?
Sushi be like: Minecraft Legacy Edition in a nutshell
Congratulations for people who tried playtesting Quartz's Console on my Discord server!
Why Quartz? Because it's the best block.
File compressed by using Modrinth's cool mod export feature in PrismLauncher, and the internet.
If there's any reuploads of Quartz's Console on Modrinth and CurseForge, report the mod and remove it.
Why not share on Modrinth and CurseForge? It's really a difficult question.
Linux is cool, Windows is cool, but haven't tried MacOS.
Added Old Combat as a gamerule option!
herobrian real its true i saw him
nice new tips
